 
1. What's the latest version of Android, What changed and  
mention two devices that got the latest version? 
Answer: 
The latest version of Android is Android 8.0 (Oreo). 
The Android 8.0 has  two Behavior Changes 
i)  Changes for all apps 
ii) Changes for apps targeting Android 8.0. 
Changes for all apps 
1) Background execution limits 
To improve battery life, when your app enters the cached state, with no active components, the system releases any wakelocks that the app holds. 
2) Android background location limits 
In order to preserve battery, user experience, and system health, background apps receive location updates less frequently when used on a device running Android 8.0.  
These changes affect the following APIs: 
    i) Fused Location Provider (FLP) 
    ii) Geofencing 
    iii) GNSS Measurements 
    iv) Location Manager 
    v) Wi-Fi Manager 
3) App shortcuts 
4) Locales and internationalization 
5) Alert windows etc. 
Changes for apps targeting Android 8.0. 
1) Alert windows 
Apps that use the SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW permission can no longer use the following window types to display alert windows above other apps and system windows: 
TYPE_PHONE 
TYPE_PRIORITY_PHONE 
TYPE_SYSTEM_ALERT 
TYPE_SYSTEM_OVERLAY 
TYPE_SYSTEM_ERROR 
Instead, apps must use a new window type called TYPE_APPLICATION_OVERLAY. 
2) Content change notifications 
changes how ContentResolver.notifyChange() and registerContentObserver(Uri, boolean, ContentObserver) behave for apps targeting Android 8.0. 
3) View focus 
Clickable View objects are now also focusable by default. 
4) Security 
i) Each WebView object must use HTTPS instead. 
ii) The Allow unknown sources system setting has been removed. in its place, the Install unknown apps permission manages unknown app installs from unknown sources 
 
Two devices that got the latest version   are: OnePlus 5,HTC U11  
 
 2. Your opinion about ART, what improved? 
Answer: 
Android Runtime (ART) is an application runtime environment used by the Android operating system. Replacing Dalvik, which is the process virtual machine originally used by Android, ART performs the translation of the application's bytecode into native instructions that are later executed by the device's runtime environmen. 
i)  ART runs app machine code directly (native execution), it doesn’t hit the CPU as hard as just-in-time code compiling on Dalvik. Because of less CPU usage results in less battery drain. 
ii) Apps run faster as DEX bytecode translation done during installation. 
ii)Reduces startup time of applications as native code is directly executed. 
iv)Improves battery performance as power utilized to interpreted byte codes line by line is saved. 
v) Improved garbage collector. 
vi) Improved developer tool. 
vii) App Installation takes more time because of DEX bytecodes conversion into machine code during installation. 
  
3. What's your Opinion about Kotlin? 
Answer: 
For being  an officially supported language to write Android Apps Development ,I have started learning and developing android apps using kotlin . 
During the learning and developing apps using kotlin ,I realized that 
i) Android development using kotlin is much easier than java 
ii) Less errors 
iii) The code is easier to understand 
iv) More work done in less time, more stability, and less time spent in fixing bugs. 
